README.md, before:

# bank_tech_test
Week 10 Makers tech tests


## Gameplan
The aim is to make four classes
* Bank (Incl. menu)
* Statement
* Deposit
* Withdrawal

#

# Bank tech test

Today, you'll practice doing a tech test.

For most tech tests, you'll essentially have unlimited time.  This practice session is about producing the best code you can when there is a minimal time pressure.

You'll get to practice your OO design and TDD skills.

You'll work alone, and you'll also review your own code so you can practice reflecting on and improving your own work.

## Specification

### Requirements

* You should be able to interact with the your code via a REPL like IRB or the JavaScript console.  (You don't need to implement a command line interface that takes input from STDIN.)
* Deposits, withdrawal.
* Account statement (date, amount, balance) printing.
* Data can be kept in memory (it doesn't need to be stored to a database or anything).

### Acceptance criteria

**Given** a client makes a deposit of 1000 on 10-01-2012
**And** a deposit of 2000 on 13-01-2012
**And** a withdrawal of 500 on 14-01-2012
**When** she prints her bank statement
**Then** she would see

```
date || credit || debit || balance
14/01/2012 || || 500.00 || 2500.00
13/01/2012 || 2000.00 || || 3000.00
10/01/2012 || 1000.00 || || 1000.00
```

Commit message:

Added simple deposit method along with User and Bank class

README.md, after:

# bank_tech_test
Week 10 Makers tech tests


## Gameplan
The aim is to make three classes
* Bank (Incl. menu)
* Statement
* User

## User stories:
```
1.  As a bank customer
    So that I can increase my funds
    I would like to add a deposit to my Account

2.  As a bank customer
    So that I see my current balance
    I would like to print my bank statement (dates, amounts and balance)

3.  As a bank customer
    So that I can access my funds
    I would like to withdrawal my money
```

#

# Bank tech test

Today, you'll practice doing a tech test.

For most tech tests, you'll essentially have unlimited time.  This practice session is about producing the best code you can when there is a minimal time pressure.

You'll get to practice your OO design and TDD skills.

You'll work alone, and you'll also review your own code so you can practice reflecting on and improving your own work.

## Specification

### Requirements

* You should be able to interact with the your code via a REPL like IRB or the JavaScript console.  (You don't need to implement a command line interface that takes input from STDIN.)
* Deposits, withdrawal.
* Account statement (date, amount, balance) printing.
* Data can be kept in memory (it doesn't need to be stored to a database or anything).

### Acceptance criteria

**Given** a client makes a deposit of 1000 on 10-01-2012
**And** a deposit of 2000 on 13-01-2012
**And** a withdrawal of 500 on 14-01-2012
**When** she prints her bank statement
**Then** she would see

```
date || credit || debit || balance
14/01/2012 || || 500.00 || 2500.00
13/01/2012 || 2000.00 || || 3000.00
10/01/2012 || 1000.00 || || 1000.00
```
